MTM-66341 MQTT Service minor doc tasks (#4426)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/device-integration/mqtt-service-bundle/examples.md

In addition, the <a href="https://community.cumulocity.com" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">{{< product-c8y-iot >}} Tech Community</a> is an excellent source of advice and examples for all aspects of {{< product-c8y-iot >}} development.

Refer to the *README.md* files included with each example for more information on how to build and run it.

A complete <a href="https://github.com/Cumulocity-IoT/cumulocity-examples/tree/develop/mqtt-service/java-simple-pulsar-client" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">example Java client</a> based on the code snippets in the [Integrating with microservices and external applications](#pulsar-client) section is available.
Alongside this, there is a simple <a href="https://github.com/Cumulocity-IoT/cumulocity-examples/tree/develop/mqtt-service/python-simple-mqtt-client" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Python MQTT client</a> that can be used to simulate an MQTT device and test the operation of the Java client.
Start the Python client first to ensure messages sent to a device are received, then start the Java client.

For microservice developers, two examples are available.

> The <a href="https://github.com/Cumulocity-IoT/cumulocity-examples/tree/develop/mqtt-service/java-pulsar-microservice" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">example Java microservice</a> uses the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} demonstrates how to connect to Pulsar from a Java-based microservice, consume messages from the MQTT Service, and transform messages into {{< product-c8y-iot >}} Measurements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The <a href="https://github.com/Cumulocity-IoT/cumulocity-examples/tree/develop/mqtt-service/java-pulsar-microservice" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">example Java microservice</a> uses the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} microservice SDK to connect to Pulsar from a Java-based microservice, consume messages from the MQTT Service, and transform messages into {{< product-c8y-iot >}} measurements.
```

Reviewer: @scmi-c8y Something is wrong in this sentence. Probably and "and" missing before "demonstrate"?

Likewise, there is an <a href="https://github.com/Cumulocity-IoT/cumulocity-examples/tree/develop/mqtt-service/python-pulsar-microservice" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">example Python microservice</a> that implements similar functionality using the Python language.

> Both microservice examples also demonstrate how to determine the external id of a device from the MQTT messages, map this to a {{< product-c8y-iot >}} Managed Object, and create the Managed Object if it does not already exist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both microservice examples also demonstrate how to determine the external ID of a device from the MQTT messages, map this to a {{< product-c8y-iot >}} managed object, and create the managed object if it does not already exist.
```
